Enable using upstream jitify2 (#11287)
rapidsai/cudf: cpp/CMakeLists.txt

  src/utilities/type_checks.cpp
)

set_source_files_properties(
  src/binaryop/binaryop.cpp
  src/transform/transform.cpp
  src/rolling/detail/rolling_variable_window.cu
  src/rolling/detail/rolling_fixed_window.cu
  src/rolling/grouped_rolling.cu
  src/rolling/rolling.cu

>   src/jit/cache.cpp

Reviewer: Sort this list of files.

>   PROPERTIES COMPILE_DEFINITIONS "_FILE_OFFSET_BITS=64"

Reviewer: Can we document why we're doing this in a comment? Same for other CMake files.

Author: FIx'd

  src/utilities/type_checks.cpp
)

# Anything that includes jitify needs to be compiled with

> # _FILE_OFFSET_BITS=64 due to a gcc limitation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# _FILE_OFFSET_BITS=64 due to a limitation in how conda builds glibc
```
